Update models to add support for CIR (#88)
ONSdigital/ons-schema-definitions: docs/rm_to_eq_runner_payload_v2.md

The schema selection field determine the mechanism used by EQ Runner to load the questionnaire schema JSON.

> The schema used by an EQ Runner can be selected one of three ways.

Reviewer: Should we explicitly say that they are mutually exclusive? Have no strong opinions just a question.

Author: Can do if you feel it makes it clearer? 👍

Reviewer: Not. too much of a difference for me. Resloving 👍

| **Property**          | **Definition**                                                                                                      |
|-----------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **schema_url**        | A URL for a remote survey JSON. This claim is used to tell EQ Runner to load the schema JSON from a remote location |
| **schema_name**       | The name of the schema to launch. Must be present in [Schemas Repo][schemas_repo]                                   |

> | **cir_instrument_id** | The UUID of the collection instrument launched from the Collection Instrument Registry                              |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| **cir_instrument_id** | The UUID of the collection instrument to launch from the Collection Instrument Registry                              |
```
